Small fixes for Configuring system variables module (#1111)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/administration-guide/ref_configuring-system-variables.adoc

[id="configuring-system-variables"]
= Configuring system properties for {prod-short}

The following document describes all possible configuration properties of {prod-short}.

> To override default values on operator-based deployments, you must update Custom Resource of `CleCluster`

Reviewer: Remove `you`
Typo

```suggestion
To override default values on operator-based deployments, update Custom Resource of `CheCluster`
```
